ci: add validate-dashboards (#926)
giantswarm/dashboards: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- CI now checks that dashboards are supported version (v1 or v2)

> - CI now checks that dashboards have an "owner" tag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CI checks to validate dashboards supported version (v1 or v2)
- CI checks to validate dashboards have an "owner" tag
```
